Add -grpc-ca-file and -grpc-ca-path CLI info on upgrade notes. (#15500)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

+ Change `ports.grpc` to `ports.grpc_tls`. Refer to the [`grpc_tls_port` documentation](/docs/agent/config/config-files#grpc_tls_port) for details.
+ Change `addresses.grpc` to `addresses.grpc_tls`. Refer to the [`grpc_tls` documentation](/docs/agent/config/config-files#grpc_tls) for details.

> + Set the gRPC CA certificate with one of the new configuration options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Update `consul connect envoy` command invocations to specify gRPC CA certificates with one of the new configuration options:
```

I think this is a little clearer what needs updating. Otherwise users might think they need to set this for the agent's themselves.
